README.md, before:

# Multiplayer Chess Sample

A sample project that demonstrates how to implement a server authoritative asynchronous multiplayer game using [Unity Gaming Services](https://unity.com/solutions/gaming-services), without needing a dedicated game server.

## Setup

For this sample to work, you would first need to publish, zip and deploy your Cloud Code module via the UGS CLI. Remember to [install and configure](https://services.docs.unity.com/guides/ugs-cli/latest/general/get-started/install-the-cli/) the CLI first. This requires a project ID and a service account key, both of which can be created and found in the [Unity Dashboard](https://dashboard.unity.com).

Once the CLI is set up, open the `ChessCloudCode/ChessCloudCode.sln` solution in Rider or Visual studio. Publish the solution:

```
dotnet publish -c Release -r linux-x64 -p:PublishReadyToRun=true
```

Package the solution in a zip file (note the `.ccm` extension), e.g.:

```
zip -r ChessCloudCode.ccm ~/ChessCloudCode/bin/Release/net7.0/linux-x64/publish/*
```

Deploy the zip file using the UGS CLI:
```
ugs deploy ChessCloudCode.ccm
```

To run the chess sample, import the Chess folder as a Unity project and open the `ChessDemo.unity` scene. Then run the scene and you should be able to play chess against yourself. To run another game client with a different player ID, go to `File -> Build and Run`.

To call the clear board endpoint, use a [service account's key credentials](https://services.docs.unity.com/docs/service-account-auth/#service-accounts) and exchange that for a [stateless token](https://services.docs.unity.com/docs/service-account-auth/#using-stateless-tokens).

First encode the secret in base64
```
echo -n "<KEY_ID>:<SECRET>" | base64
```
Then exchange those credentials for a token
```
curl -X POST -H "Authorization: Basic <ENCODED_SECRET>"  'https://services.api.unity.com/auth/v1/token-exchange?projectId=<PROJECT_ID>&environmentId=<ENVIRONMENT_ID>
```
Then call the clear board endpoint
```
curl --request POST 'https://cloud-code.services.api.unity.com/v1/projects/<PROJECT_ID>/modules/ChessCloudCode/ClearBoard' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN>' \
--data-raw '{"params": {"session":"demo-session"}}'
```

To limit access to specific Cloud Code endpoints from authenticated players (i.e. the game client), have a look at the [Access Control](https://docs.unity.com/ugs-overview/en/manual/access-control) documentation.

## Credits

This project uses the [Free Low Poly Chess Set](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/free-low-poly-chess-set-116856) asset for the board and chess pieces, and the [Gera Chess Library](https://github.com/Geras1mleo/Chess) for validating the moves made by players.

See [Third Party Notices](Third%20Party%20Notices.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Updated readme and publish script. Added config for the leaderboard used for tracking Elo. Removed Project ID/Name from Unity project settings.

README.md, after:

# Multiplayer Chess Sample

A sample project that demonstrates how to implement a server authoritative asynchronous multiplayer game using [Unity Gaming Services](https://unity.com/solutions/gaming-services), without needing a dedicated game server.

## Setup

For this sample to work, you first need to publish your Cloud Code module and Leaderboard via the UGS CLI. Remember to [install and configure](https://services.docs.unity.com/guides/ugs-cli/latest/general/get-started/install-the-cli/) the CLI first. This requires a project ID and a service account key, both of which can be created and found in the [Unity Dashboard](https://dashboard.unity.com).

Once the CLI is set up, the module and leaderboard can be deployed with the following commands (or by running the `deploy.sh` script):

```
ugs deploy ChessCloudCode/ChessCloudCode.sln
ugs deploy EloRatings.lb
```

To run the chess sample, import the Chess folder as a Unity project, open and run the `ChessDemo.unity` scene. To run another game client locally to play against, go to `File -> Build and Run`. Then you can create a game in one client, and join it in the other using the generated code shown in the top right of the game window.

To limit access to specific Cloud Code endpoints from authenticated players (i.e. the game client), have a look at the [Access Control](https://docs.unity.com/ugs-overview/en/manual/access-control) documentation.

## Credits

This project uses the [Free Low Poly Chess Set](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/free-low-poly-chess-set-116856) asset for the board and chess pieces, and the [Gera Chess Library](https://github.com/Geras1mleo/Chess) for validating the moves made by players.

See [Third Party Notices](Third%20Party%20Notices.md) for more information.
